I also paid the Queen Mother to invite the two of you to attack.
knew.
See Queen Mother. Lian Li loves his family today and asked you to attack because the emperor has reached the age of marriageable age.
discipline. I love my family and am a member of the emperor's line,
Become the most talented woman,
They married and became the imperial concubine.
Come out.
See Queen Mother. Promise.
The king is the future imperial concubine.
An Suqing and the person she likes are Ying Qingcheng
What a win
I like such a white-faced king flower
King Rui King Rui
Return to Queen Mother Chen
Returning to the Queen Mother, Chen and King Yun did not know each other.
There is no intersection
I don’t know how the prince knew Chen Yu’s name.
Ms. Chen Yuyun, anyone knows her
Because Chen’s wife is Yun Qingcheng’s sister
Chen only knew her name
Su Wenrui King and Princess
The meeting of two lovers leads to the ancestral marriage of the emperor
I don't know about you two.
How did we meet?
Princess, tell me
Say this to the emperor here
what should i say
And believe here
Let's just say that after returning the loan
little girl a few months ago
Met the prince in the wild
At that time, the prince's trust was hurt, but
He will always know these people